All right, let's talk about adding
parallel states into our application.
Again, we want it to look like this
where we have player and volume.
All right, so the first thing to
do is to actually have those two
states as the child
states of this machine,
which this machine itself is
going to be the parallel state.
So we have to first specify type
parallel and then our states.
And I know things are being
duplicated right now, but
that's what happens while
you're refactoring.
So our states are going to be ready,
or sorry, not ready.
Our states are going to be player and
volume.
And so now we can move all of these
states over here, well, not all of them.
But we can move this
initial into there and
then we're going to be
copying the loading and
ready states over here into states.
So let's just close that up and
now we're gonna be copying
these two states into volume.
The initial state is going to be unmuted,
and so
now we have our states of unmuted and
muted.
Now we have an extra thing over there.
All right, so
now let's test our application and
see what we have, six parallel states.
Okay, so if everything works,
now we should have a volume that mutes and
unmutes.
So we know that that region is working,
and so we also have our play and
pause working as well.
So we know that these are working.
Now if you want to do something extra,
you could also scope these events
to their appropriate reasons.
For example, the skip, like,
unlike, dislike, and audio.time,
these are transitions that
only have actions, except for
this target one which is targeting an ID
so we can move it anywhere anyway.
We can move those to here.
And so now we have everything nice and
organized inside of this player state.
And we could see, okay, the player region
is responsible for these skip, like,
unlike, dislike, and audio.time events.
And so,
we could do the same thing over here for
the volume controls and
just put it on there.
And so, now we don't need this anymore and
everything should be working the same.